Welcome to Harvard Hive [harvardhive.com].

This site is a hub for what is going on on campus. It's up and running at
harvardhive.com, so to access it, just type that into your browser and it 
should bring you to the right place.

To run the site locally: 
In your terminal, "git clone https://github.com/blee19/cs50_final.git". 
Once cloned, navigate into the cs50_final folder. Then, use "virtualenv venv" 
and make sure you are creating the virtualenv via python 3.5.2 or greater. If 
virtualenv is not already installed, use "pip3 install virtualenv" to install 
it. Next, use ". venv/bin/activate" to activate the virtual environment. Once
activated, you'll need to use "export FLASK_APP=application.py". 
Then, retrieve a google maps API key from 
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key and 
then use "export API_KEY=(your API key here)". After that, use "flask run" to 
run it locally by copy and pasting the localhost address into your browser.

The whole site itself is an interactive map where all of the events are 
stored. Take a second and click around. There are 4 types of events, each with 
their own unique icon: turkey sightings, free food events, celebrity sightings 
and academic events. When you click on an icon, you’ll see an infobox pop up. 
In that infobox is the following information: the event name, the type of 
event (from the four listed above), the date and time of the event and a 
delete button.

You can also enter your own event. At the top of the screen is the toolbar to 
do so. The first box on the left is where you’ll enter the name of the event, 
the next box is the date and time of the event. Upon clicking the date and 
time entry, it will first automatically fill with the current date and time -
in order to set a date and time, click the right date on the calendar as well
as the clock icon at the bottom to set your time. The next box is a list 
where you can choose which type of event it is, from the four options listed 
earlier. Finally, the fourth box is the location (exact latitude and 
longitude) of the event - you can go ahead and enter the exact latitude and 
longitude (if that’s something you, impressively, happen to know), or you 
can also click around the map and you will see a blue pin follow your mouse 
wherever you click. This blue pin will populate the location field with the 
correct coordinates, so click away!

Once you’ve perfected your entry, hit the submit button and the correct icon 
will appear in the location you’ve specified. No worries if you made a mistake 
or an event was cancelled, just go ahead and click the delete button. Events 
are saved until a user deletes them, unless you are running it locally.

That's harvardhive.com - a visual hub for events around campus!


